---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "montecarlo_bigquery_warehouse Resource - terraform-provider-montecarlo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource represents the integration of Monte Carlo with BigQuery data warehouse. While this resource is not responsible for handling data access and other operations, such as data filtering, it is responsible for managing the connection to BigQuery using the provided service account key.
---

# montecarlo_bigquery_warehouse (Resource)

This resource represents the integration of Monte Carlo with BigQuery data warehouse. While this resource is not responsible for handling data access and other operations, such as data filtering, it is responsible for managing the connection to BigQuery using the provided service account key.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "montecarlo_bigquery_warehouse" "example" {
  name                = "name"
  data_collector_uuid = "uuid"
  service_account_key = "{}"
  deletion_protection = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_collector_uuid` (String) Unique identifier of data collector this warehouse will be attached to. Its not possible to change data collectors of already created warehouse, therefore if Terraform detects change in this attribute it will plan recreation (which might not be successfull due to deletion protection flag). Since this property is immutable in Monte Carlo warehouses it can be only changed in the configuration
- `name` (String) The name of the BigQuery warehouse as it will be presented in Monte Carlo.
- `service_account_key` (String, Sensitive) Service account key used by the warehouse connection for authentication and authorization against BigQuery. The very same service account is used to grant required permissions to Monte Carlo BigQuery warehouse for the data access. For more information follow Monte Carlo documentation: https://docs.getmontecarlo.com/docs/bigquery

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow Terraform to destroy the instance. Unless this field is set to false in Terraform state, a terraform destroy or terraform apply that would delete the instance will fail. This setting will prevent the deletion even if the real resource is already deleted.

### Read-Only

- `connection_uuid` (String) Unique identifier of connection responsible for communication with BigQuery.
- `uuid` (String) Unique identifier of warehouse managed by this resource.
