---
page_title: "montecarlo_iam_group Resource - terraform-provider-montecarlo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A named resource which lets you define Monte Carlo authorization group responsible for assigning roles to the users.
---

# montecarlo_iam_group (Resource)

Represents a named resource which lets you define _Monte Carlo_ **authorization group** responsible for assigning roles to the users. An authorization group policy is made up of three primary parts:

- a list of permissions
- a list of group members (not set by this resource)
- optionally, one or more Monte Carlo domains to restrict the group to

The list of permissions/roles specifies **what can be done** (such as access or edit monitors), and the domain restrictions specify what parts of your data/metadata those users **may access under given permissions**.

To get more information about _Monte Carlo_ **authorization groups**, see:
- [API documentation](https://apidocs.getmontecarlo.com/#definition-AuthorizationGroupOutput)
- How-to Guides
  - [Authorization](https://docs.getmontecarlo.com/docs/authorization)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "montecarlo_iam_group" "example" {
  name        = "name"
  description = "description"
  role        = "mcd/viewer"
  domains     = ["domainUUID"] # restricting to selected domains
  sso_group   = "sso_group"    # automatical mapping to SSO group
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

<a id="attr--name"></a>
- `name` (String) ID of the authorization group. Must be unique per _Monte Carlo_ account. Authorization group **name within the UI** is not value of this attribute, instead `label` is used ([see bellow](#attr--label)).

- `role` (String) Used to define the specific role or permissions that are assigned to the _Monte Carlo_ authorization group.  
Allowed roles:

  - **mcd/owner**
  - **mcd/domains-manager**
  - **mcd/responder**
  - **mcd/editor**
  - **mcd/viewer**
  - **mcd/asset-viewer**
  - **mcd/asset-editor**

### Optional

- `description` (String, _default:_ `""`) Description of the authorization group. Usually can be used to document for what the authorization group is responsible for.

- `domains` (Set of Strings, _default:_ `[]`) Set of **domain UUIDs** that this authorization group should be restricted to. By default, if this attribute is not set, the authorization group permissions will be applied globally.

- `sso_group` (String, _default:_ `null`) Automatically assignes all of the users from the provided **SSO group** to the authorization group.

  - if set, users cannot be assigned to the authorization group directly

  - if set, when authorization group already exists, all of the previous user assignments will be destroyed.

### Read-Only

<a id="attr--label"></a>
- `label` (String) Authorization group **label/name** as it should be presented in the _Monte Carlo_ UI. Implementation of this resource will always set this attribute to the same value as the `name` attribute ([see above](#attr--name)) to avoid confusion.



## Import

This resource can be imported using the import ID with following format:

* `{{group_name}}`

In **Terraform v1.5.0** and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import a _Transactional Warehouse_ using one of the formats above. For example:

```terraform
import {
  id = "{{group_name}}"
  to = montecarlo_iam_group.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), _Authorization Group_ can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import montecarlo_iam_group.default {{group_name}}
```
