---
page_title: "montecarlo_iam_member Resource - terraform-provider-montecarlo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A named resource which lets you assign users to the Monte Carlo authorization group.
---

# montecarlo_iam_member (Resource)

Represents a named resource which lets you assign user to the _Monte Carlo_ **authorization group** (see [montecarlo_iam_group](iam_group.md)). This assignment is allowed only if the **authorization group** is not configured for SSO. Configured member (user) will be asigned to the configured group, selected by the group name. This group name is effectively group ID as well (see [montecarlo_iam_group](iam_group.md)) and is not shown in the _Monte Carlo_ UI by default.

`montecarlo_iam_group` resource sets the group name (ID) to the same value as its label, so the value displayed in the _Monte Carlo_ UI, for groups terraformed by that resource, is also a group name (ID). Alternatively, if you are using `montecarlo_iam_group` resource, you can reference group name (ID) directly in the _Terraform_ code.

To get more information about _Monte Carlo_ **authorization groups** member assignments, see:
- [API documentation](https://apidocs.getmontecarlo.com/#definition-UpdateUserAuthorizationGroupMembership)
- How-to Guides
  - [Authorization](https://docs.getmontecarlo.com/docs/authorization)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "montecarlo_iam_member" "example_builtin" {
  group = "groups/editors-all"
  member = "user:user@google.com"
}

resource "montecarlo_iam_member" "example_custom" {
  group = "groups/custom-group"
  member = "user:user@google.com"
}

resource "montecarlo_iam_member" "example_multiple" {
  group = "groups/custom-group"
  member = each.value
  for_each = toset([
    "user:user1@google.com",
    "user:user2@google.com"
  ])
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (String) ID (name) of the **authorization group** to which the member (user) will be assigned. Current implementation requires the value to follow this format `groups/<group_name>`. _Monte Carlo_ UI currently does not expose name of the groups, therefore it might be complicated to obtain this value for existing groups. For this purpose, resource [montecarlo_iam_group](iam_group.md) sets name of the group and its label to the same values.

  - builtin groups are supported (e.g. `groups/editors-all`)
  - custom groups are supported (e.g. `groups/custom-group`)

- `member` (String) This attribute represents the user that will be assigned to the specified Monte Carlo **authorization group**. Current implementation requires the value to follow this format `user:email@google.com`. If user with this **email** is not found in the _Monte Carlo_, the resource operations will fail.



## Import

This resource can be imported using the import ID with following format:

* `{{groups/<group_name>,user:<user_email>}}`

In **Terraform v1.5.0** and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import a _Member assignment_ using one of the formats above. For example:

```terraform
import {
  id = "{{groups/<group_name>,user:<user_email>}}"
  to = montecarlo_iam_member.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), _Member assignment_ can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import montecarlo_iam_member.default {{groups/<group_name>,user:<user_email>}}
```
