---
page_title: "montecarlo_transactional_warehouse Resource - terraform-provider-montecarlo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents the integration of the Monte Carlo platform with Transactional data warehouse
---

# montecarlo_transactional_warehouse (Resource)

Represents the integration of the **Monte Carlo** platform with _Transactional_ data warehouse. While this resource is not responsible for handling data access and other operations, such as data filtering, it is **responsible for managing the connection** to the _Transactional DB_ using the provided configuration.

> **Warning:** Current implementations of _warehouse_ resources are not capable of fetching credentials for given _warehouse_ from the **Monte Carlo** APIs. For this reason its not possible for this resource to detect whether the database configuration has been changed externally in the **Monte Carlo**. You can force database configuration update by changing remote instance state and re-running your _Terraform_ commands.

To get more information about **Monte Carlo** warehouses, see:
- [API documentation](https://apidocs.getmontecarlo.com/#definition-Warehouse)
- How-to Guides
  - [Postgres Warehouse (beta)](https://docs.getmontecarlo.com/docs/postgres)
  - [MySQL Warehouse (beta)](https://docs.getmontecarlo.com/docs/sql-server)
  - [SQL Server Warehouse (beta)](https://docs.getmontecarlo.com/docs/mysql)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "montecarlo_transactional_warehouse" "example" {
  name           = "name"
  collector_uuid = "uuid"
  db_type        = "POSTGRES" # POSTGRES | MYSQL | SQL-SERVER

  configuration = {
    host     = "host"
    port     = 5432
    database = "database"
    username = "username"  #(secret)
    password = "password"  #(secret)
  }
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the warehouse instance, as it should be presented in the **Monte Carlo**.  

- `collector_uuid` (String) Unique identifier of data collector this warehouse instance will be attached to. You can find all of your data collectors in the **Monte Carlo** _Settings_ -> _Integrations_ -> _Collectors_ page.  

  - If changed in the _Terraform_ configuration, resource instance will be **deleted** (leading to a new resource creation on the next `terraform plan/apply`).  

  - If changed in the remote instance state, resource instance will be **removed** from the _Terraform_ state, but not deleted (leading to a new resource creation on the next `terraform plan/apply`).  

- `db_type` (String) Type of _Transactional_ database that is integrated by this warehouse resource. Valid values are only the following:  

  - **POSTGRES**
  - **MYSQL**
  - **SQL-SERVER**  

  > **Warning:** If changed in the remote instance state or in the _Terraform_ configuration, resource instance will be **deleted** (leading to a new resource creation on the next `terraform plan/apply`).  

- `configuration` (Attributes nested) Configuration options used by the warehouse connection for authentication and authorization against _Transactional DB_. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))  

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean, _default:_ `true`) Unless this field is set to false, a terraform destroy or terraform apply that would delete the instance **will fail**, leaving the instance unchanged. This setting will prevent the deletion even if the resource instance is already deleted.

### Read-Only

- `uuid` (String) Unique identifier of warehouse managed by this resource.  

- `connection_uuid` (String) Unique identifier of connection managed by this resource, responsible for communication with _BigQuery_.  

  - if _connection type_ of the connection managed by this reasource changes externally, this reasource **will fail to read** external state (_blocking any further resource functionality_). In such scenario a manual intervention is required.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `host` (String)  

- `port` (Number)  Positive integer in range _[0, 65536]_

- `database` (String) Name of the database to connect this warehouse to.
  - If changed in the _Terraform_ configuration or externally in the remote instance state, resource instance will be **deleted** (leading to a new resource creation on the next `terraform plan/apply`).  

- `password` (String, Sensitive)  

- `username` (String, Sensitive)  



## Import

This resource can be imported using the import ID with following format:

* `{{<warehouse_uuid>,<connection_uuid>,<data_collector_uuid>}}`

In **Terraform v1.5.0** and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import a _Transactional Warehouse_ using one of the formats above. For example:

```terraform
import {
  id = "{{importID}}"
  to = montecarlo_transactional_warehouse.default
}
```

When using the [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import), _Transactional Warehouse_ can be imported using one of the formats above. For example:

```
$ terraform import montecarlo_transactional_warehouse.default {{importID}}
```